DOCS-10828 teams (June 12) (#136)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/to-create-an-asset.adoc

Exchange prevents resource exhaustion attacks by limiting the number of asset versions that can be published.

> The limit is 500 assets for root organizations with trial accounts, and 100 000 (one hundred thousand) assets for other root organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The limit is 500 assets for root organizations with trial accounts, and 100,000 (one-hundred thousand) assets for other root organizations.
```

Author: Fixed.

This asset count does not include deleted assets or assets generated by Exchange such as xref:to-deploy-using-rest-connect.adoc[Mule 3 and Mule 4 connectors generated automatically from APIs].

> When a root organization has reached 80% of its limit, Exchange shows a warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a root organization reaches 80% of its asset limit, Exchange shows a warning.
```

Author: Fixed.

> When a root organization has reached its limit, Exchange shows an error. Also, using the *Publish new asset* button on the home page or the *Add new version* button on the asset detail page shows an error explaining that the limit has been reached and no more assets can be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a root organization reaches its asset limit, Exchange shows an error. Also, using the *Publish new asset* button on the home page or the *Add new version* button on the asset detail page shows an error explaining that the limit is reached and no more assets can be added.
```

Author: Fixed.

> Check the limit of your root organization with a CURL command like this:

Reviewer: Sara uses lowercase "curl".

Author: I'll follow that. Fixed.

----
    curl -X GET \
      https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/api/v1/organizations/ROOT_ORGANIZATION_ID/limits \
      -H 'Authorization: bearer ANYPOINT_TOKEN'
----

> Replace `ROOT_ORGANIZATION_ID` with your root organization ID, and replace `ANYPOINT_TOKEN` with the authorization token with permissions for the root organization.

Reviewer: To avoid double "with"s...:
```suggestion
Replace `ROOT_ORGANIZATION_ID` with your root organization ID, and replace `ANYPOINT_TOKEN` with the authorization token that has permissions for the root organization.
```

Author: Much better! Fixed.

      https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/graph/api/v1/graphql \
      -H 'content-type: application/json' \
      -H 'Authorization: bearer ANYPOINT_TOKEN' \
      -d '{"query":"{assets(query: { masterOrganizationId:\"ROOT_ORGANIZATION_ID\", limit: 20, offset: 10 }) {groupId assetId version}}"}'
----

> Replace `ROOT_ORGANIZATION_ID` with your root organization ID, and replace `ANYPOINT_TOKEN` with the authorization token with permissions for the root organization. Vary the `limit` and `offset` values as needed.

Reviewer: ditto
```suggestion
Replace `ROOT_ORGANIZATION_ID` with your root organization ID, and replace `ANYPOINT_TOKEN` with the authorization token that has permissions for the root organization. Vary the `limit` and `offset` values as needed.
```

Author: Fixed.

API Groups have major versions, such as 1.0.0, 2.0.0, or 3.0.0, but no minor or patch versions. Every version of an API Group has one or more API Group instances. Each API Group instance is a group of API instances that all have the same identity provider and the same environment type, either production or sandbox. An API Group instance can contain API instances from multiple business groups.

> Creating an API Group requires having the group administrator permission, and the asset administrator permission for each of the APIs in the group. This ensures that a group creator can change the underlying APIs between private and public visibility levels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Creating an API Group requires having the Group Administrator permission, and the Asset Administrator permission for each of the APIs in the group. This ensures that a group creator can change the underlying APIs between private and public visibility levels.
```

Reviewer 2: When referring to permissions, "the Organization Administrator permission" and other permissions using that structure can use caps, whereas an organization administrator is lowercase. Caps are encouraged when sandwiched between a "the" and "permission".

Author: Thank you! Fixed.

> Creating an API Group requires having the Group Administrator permission, and the Asset Administrator permission for each of the APIs in the group. This ensures that a group creator can change the underlying APIs between private and public visibility levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating an API Group requires having the Group Administrator permission, as well as the Asset Administrator permission for each of the APIs in the group. This ensures that a group creator can change the underlying APIs between private and public visibility levels.
```

Author: Fixed.
